Use `{cli}` for condition signalling (#583)
epiforecasts/scoringutils: NEWS.md

- Renamed `interval_coverage_quantile()` and `interval_coverage_dev_quantile()` to `interval_coverage()` and `interval_coverage_deviation()`, respectively. Removed `interval_coverage_sample()` as users are now expected to convert to a quantile format first before scoring.
- Added unit tests for `interval_coverage_quantile()` and `interval_coverage_dev_quantile()` in order to make sure that the functions provide the correct warnings when insufficient quantiles are provided.
- Documentation pkgdown pages are now created both for the stable and dev versions.
- Switched to using `cli` for condition handling and signalling.

> - Added tests for all the `check_*()` and `test_*()` functions. See #583 by @jamesmbaazam and reviewed by <insert reviewers>.

Author: ```suggestion
- Added tests for all the `check_*()` and `test_*()` functions. See #583 by @jamesmbaazam and reviewed by @nikosbosse and @seabbs.
```
